Asteroids numbers
Name,Number,Category,Keywords,Description
Juno,3,Major Asteroid,Marriage commitment legal bonds spousal qualities,Represents marriage partnerships and what you need in relationships to commit. Shows spousal qualities and legal ties. Associated with loyalty and the marriage partner.
Eros,433,Asteroid,Erotic love sexual desire passion transformation,Rules sex and sexual desire. Shows what turns you on and your approach to sexual relationships. Can indicate sexual objectification and creative passion.
Psyche,16,Asteroid,Soul love telepathy intuition unconscious,Represents the soul and psychic connection. Soulmate indicator especially with Eros. Shows telepathy intuition and soul seeking completion.
Amor,1221,Asteroid,Compassion empathy loving kindness,Represents potential for intimacy and whether love is conditional or not. Shows the path to self-love with help from another.
Aphrodite,1388,Asteroid,Love beauty fertility sexual connection,Goddess of love and fertility. Shows how connected you are with spouse and how you are in love. Can also indicate beauty and artistic inspiration.
Valentine,447,Asteroid,Pure love sacrifice unconditional,Represents sacrificial pure love. The kind where you'd take a bullet for someone. Shows how you act when first having a crush. Genuine love not fascination.
Cupido,763,Asteroid,Infatuation attraction flirtation,Asteroid of crushes and instant attraction. Shows pursuit of romance and initial courting period. Can be highly sexual and vain. Radiates love struck by cupid's arrow.
Sappho,80,Asteroid,Poetry artistic expression sexuality authenticity,Named after the poet of Lesbos. Represents same-sex attraction flirtation artistic sensitivity and being true to your sexual self.
Union,1585,Asteroid,Marriage connection unity,Represents desire to marry and create connection. Shows wanting to unite with another.
Karma,3811,Asteroid,Karmic connections past life patterns,Shows karmic relationships and past life connections. Indicates natural understanding between people. Can show if past life enemies or allies.
Adonis,2101,Asteroid,Physical attraction beauty magnetism,Represents sexual attraction passion and aesthetic beauty. Strong interaction with relationship planets shows extreme attractiveness.
Ganymed,1036,Asteroid,Friendship freedom independence,Represents friendship and freedom in love. Shows preserving individual space while building relationships on friendship foundation.
Hera,103,Asteroid,Marriage jealousy commitment spouse,Greek version of Juno. Shows marriage dynamics and can be reactive and jealous especially in crisis.
Kama,1387,Asteroid,Lust sexuality taboo desires,Shows how you value sex sexual nature and taboo topics. Can indicate kinks and desires during sex.
Lust,4386,Asteroid,Sexual awakening intense desire,Similar to Eros but stronger want. Represents great sexual awakening and uncontrollable need for sex.
Priapus,h22,Sensitive Point,Phallic energy physical attraction merging,Represents overwhelming need to merge sexually. Shows where someone wants to merge with you. Paired naturally with Black Moon Lilith.
Lilith (Asteroid),1181,Asteroid,Equality rage demonized feminine sexuality,Issues of equality in relationships and suppressed rage. Represents reclaiming the dark goddess and embodied sexuality.
Black Moon Lilith,h13/h21,Sensitive Point,Magic tantric sex psychic kundalini,Represents creative force tantric sex psychic ability kundalini and animal magnetism. Associated with shamanism and transmutation.
Dark Moon Lilith,h58,Sensitive Point,Shadow sadomasochism emotional pain,Anti-mother energy. Connected to sadomasochism emotional pain and the shadow. Can indicate vengeance and madness.
Vesta,4,Major Asteroid,Sacred sex devotion ritual tantric,The virgin goddess. Represents devotion to serving ritualistic practice sacred flame and tantric sex. Shows spiritual transformation through sex.
Ceres,1,Dwarf Planet,Unconditional love nurturing mothering,Represents unconditional mother love and what you need to feel nurtured. Shows selfless love and caring nature.
Pallas,2,Major Asteroid,Wisdom strategy creative intelligence communication,Goddess of wisdom and strategic thinking. Shows pattern recognition creative problem-solving and communication skills. Linked to writing teaching and diplomacy.
Chiron,2060,Centaur,Wounded healer transformation teaching,The wounded healer. Represents where you have constant burden that becomes wisdom. Shows capacity to help others through your wounds. Critical in synastry for healing or wounding.
Nessus,7066,Centaur,Abuse betrayal karma patterns,Represents karmic patterns around abuse and betrayal. Shows where healing from victimization is needed. Important synastry indicator for abuse dynamics.
Pholus,5145,Centaur,Small cause big effect turning points,Represents small cause big effect. Shows life-changing relationship turning points and catalytic events.
Dejanira,157,Asteroid,Victimization betrayal codependency,Paired with Nessus. Shows patterns of victimization and where one may stay in harmful situations. Synastry indicator of victim dynamics.
Anteros,1943,Asteroid,Reciprocated love returned affection,Shows where love should and will be reciprocated. Represents mutual affection and balanced exchange.
Destinn,6583,Asteroid,Fate destiny soul agreements,Represents destiny and fated connections. Shows soul agreements and predestined meetings. What is destined to come from relationship.
Vertex,N/A,Sensitive Point,Fated encounters destiny points,Represents fated encounters and karmic meetings. Not a body but a calculated point of destiny.
North Node,N/A,Sensitive Point,Life purpose soul growth destiny,Represents soul growth direction and life purpose. Shows what you're moving toward karmically.
South Node,N/A,Sensitive Point,Past life karma comfort zone,Represents past life skills and karmic patterns. Shows what you're releasing in this lifetime.
Kaali,4227,Asteroid,Kundalini dark goddess tantric shakti,Universal Mother kundalini energy. Represents primal kundalini activation transmutation and tantric enchantress energy.
Shiva,1170,Asteroid,Sacred masculine tantric transformation,Represents sacred masculine essence. Connected to tantra transformation and the phallic god.
Shakti,4230,Asteroid,Sacred feminine kundalini goddess power,Goddess kundalini shakti. Represents primal feminine power serpent wisdom and transformative healing.
Isis,42,Asteroid,Magic healing devotion resurrection,Egyptian goddess of magic and healing. Represents devotion transformative love and resurrection themes.
Osiris,1923,Asteroid,Death rebirth transformation cycles,Paired with Isis. Represents death rebirth transformation and eternal cycles.
Pandora,55,Asteroid,Curiosity forbidden knowledge revelation,Represents curiosity that leads to revelation. Can show where opening forbidden doors brings consequences.
Persephone,399,Asteroid,Transformation underworld seasons shadow,Represents descent into underworld and seasonal transformation. Shows shadow work abduction initiation return and abdication of power.
Proserpina,26,Asteroid,Sexual awakening underworld queen kundalini,Roman version of Persephone. Represents fully-fledged woman after transformation. Kundalini release and sexual enlightenment.
Medea,212,Asteroid,Betrayal revenge passion transformation,Represents intense passion that can turn to revenge. Shows extremes in love and relationship betrayals.
Circe,34,Asteroid,Enchantment transformation seduction magic,Sorceress who transforms. Represents enchantment seduction magical transformation and animal nature.
Medusa,149,Asteroid,Victimization rage transformation beauty,Represents being victimized then transforming rage. Shows beauty that threatens and protective anger.
Narcissus,37117,Asteroid,Self-love vanity reflection,Represents self-love that can become narcissism. Shows need for admiration and self-reflection themes.
Echo,60,Asteroid,Longing unrequited love mirroring,Represents unrequited love and longing. Shows tendency to mirror others and lose own voice.
Orpheus,3361,Asteroid,Devotion loss artistic expression grief,Represents devotion through loss. Connected to music poetry and the journey to underworld for love.
Eurydike,75,Asteroid,Lost love fate surrender,Paired with Orpheus. Represents lost love and surrendering to fate.
Alma,390,Asteroid,Soul connection cosmic love expansion,Represents upbeat outlook on love and desire to expand heart. Shows deep soul connections when touching partner's planets.
Briede,19029,Asteroid,Wife feminine partnership female spouse,Represents future wife for those attracted to women. Shows wife's personality and traits.
Groom,5129,Asteroid,Husband masculine partnership male spouse,Represents future spouse for those attracted to men. Shows husband's personality and traits especially in persona chart.
King,2305,Asteroid,Masculine authority sovereignty leadership,Represents masculine power and authority. Paired with Queen asteroid for power dynamics.
Queen,5457,Asteroid,Feminine authority sovereignty leadership,Represents feminine power and royalty. Paired with King for relationship power themes.
Eve,164,Asteroid,Feminine principle creation innocence,Represents feminine creative principle. Paired with Adam for primal masculine-feminine dynamics.
Adam,6461,Asteroid,Masculine principle creation innocence,Represents masculine creative principle. Paired with Eve for original partnership dynamics.
Tristan,1966,Asteroid,Tragic love devotion sacrifice,Represents devoted love that involves sacrifice. Paired with Isolda for fated tragic romance.
Isolda,211,Asteroid,Passionate love devotion forbidden,Paired with Tristan. Represents passionate forbidden love and devotion beyond rules.
Casanova,7328,Asteroid,Seduction charm player magnetism,Represents charming seductive energy. Can indicate player behavior and sexual magnetism.
Messalina,545,Asteroid,Sexual excess promiscuity libertine,Represents extreme sexuality and promiscuity. Named after Roman empress known for sexual excess.
Yarilo,4584,Asteroid,Virility fertility sexual vitality spring,Slavic god of spring and fertility. Represents masculine sexual vitality and life force.
Bacchus,2063,Asteroid,Pleasure indulgence sensuality ecstasy,God of wine and ecstasy. Represents sensual pleasure indulgence and altered states.
Hathor,2340,Asteroid,Love joy music dance sexuality,Egyptian goddess of love and joy. Represents music dance feminine sexuality and pleasure.
Astarte,672,Asteroid,Sexual love war goddess sensuality,Phoenician love goddess. Represents sexual love sensuality and warrior goddess energy.
Ishtar,672,Asteroid,Love war fertility sacred prostitution,Babylonian goddess. Represents love war fertility and sacred prostitution themes.
Inanna,4581,Asteroid,Descent transformation sacred sexuality queen,Sumerian goddess of love and war. Represents descent initiation transformation and sacred sexuality.
Fox,16884,Asteroid,Cunning seduction trickster playfulness,Represents cunning seductive energy and trickster nature. Shows playful manipulative qualities.
Kitty,9563,Asteroid,Sensuality playfulness feline magnetism,Represents feline sensual playful energy. Associated with seductive qualities.
Nymphe,875,Asteroid,Youthful sexuality nymphomania nature spirits,Represents nymphlike sexual energy and youthful sensuality. Can indicate excessive sexuality.
Lameia,248,Asteroid,Seduction vampiric devouring sexuality,Represents devouring sexual energy. Can indicate vampiric or consuming sexual nature.
Sirene,1009,Asteroid,Seduction voice enchantment fatal attraction,Represents seductive voice and enchanting energy. Shows ability to lure and mesmerize.
Galatea,74,Asteroid,Beauty ideal love artistic creation,Represents ideal beauty and artistic creation. Shows perfect form and aesthetic love.
Kallisto,204,Asteroid,Beauty attraction transformation,Represents beauty and attraction that leads to transformation. Connected to Zeus's conquests.
Esther,622,Asteroid,Beauty courage hidden strength feminine power,Represents beauty courage and hidden feminine power. Biblical queen who saved her people.
Herodias,546,Asteroid,Seduction revenge manipulation power,Represents seductive manipulation and revenge. Connected to dance of seven veils.
Salome,562,Asteroid,Seduction dance taboo sexuality,Represents dance seduction and taboo sexuality. Biblical figure known for deadly dance.
Erato,62,Asteroid,Erotic poetry lyric muse sensual art,Muse of love poetry. Represents erotic artistic expression and sensual creativity.
Terpsichore,81,Asteroid,Dance movement rhythm artistic expression,Muse of dance. Represents movement dance rhythm and physical artistic expression.
Apollo,1862,Asteroid,Beauty art music prophecy healing,God of beauty art and music. Represents aesthetic perfection artistic skill and prophetic ability.
Euterpe,27,Asteroid,Music poetry harmony flute,Muse of music and poetry. Represents musical harmony and poetic expression.
Polyhymnia,33,Asteroid,Sacred music hymns meditation,Muse of sacred music. Represents devotional art meditation and sacred expression.
Thalia,23,Asteroid,Comedy joy celebration humor,Muse of comedy. Represents joy humor celebration and lighthearted expression.
Urania,30,Asteroid,Astronomy cosmos universal love,Muse of astronomy. Represents cosmic love universal connection and celestial wisdom.
Melpomene,18,Asteroid,Tragedy catharsis deep emotion,Muse of tragedy. Represents deep emotional expression catharsis and dramatic art.
Calliope,22,Asteroid,Epic poetry eloquence voice,Chief muse of epic poetry. Represents eloquence powerful voice and heroic expression.
Clio,84,Asteroid,History memory recording expression,Muse of history. Represents memory recording events and historical perspective.
Arachne,407,Asteroid,Weaving craftsmanship competition pride,Represents weaving and craftsmanship. Shows competitive artistic nature and pride in skill.
Philomela,196,Asteroid,Silenced voice artistic expression trauma,Represents voice silenced then transformed to art. Shows healing through creative expression after trauma.
Ariadne,43,Asteroid,Guiding thread wisdom betrayal divine union,Represents guiding wisdom through darkness. Shows betrayal followed by divine union.
Thereus,32532,Centaur,Healing guidance shamanic wisdom,Centaur representing healing guidance. Connected to shamanic practices and wise counsel.
Hygiea,10,Asteroid,Health healing wellness medicine,Goddess of health. Represents health practices healing and integration into medical astrology.
Aesculapia,1027,Asteroid,Healing medicine shaman mystic wellness,God of medicine. Represents healing wholeness and alternative medicine practices.
Sophia,251,Asteroid,Wisdom divine knowledge spiritual truth,Represents divine wisdom spiritual knowledge and sacred truth. Gnostic goddess of wisdom.
Asteria,658,Asteroid,Magic oracles stars prophecy dreams,Represents magic oracles starlight and vivid dreams. Connected to prophecy and astrology.
Sibyl,168,Asteroid,Prophecy oracle foresight divine messages,Represents prophetess with gift of foresight. Shows oracles divine messages and foretelling.
Hekate,100,Asteroid,Triple goddess witchcraft crossroads magic,Triple goddess of magic witchcraft and crossroads. Represents keys opening doors and mediumship.
Diana,78,Asteroid,Moon goddess independence wild nature,Represents lunar energy wild nature and feminine independence. Connected to hunting and wilderness.
Selene,580,Asteroid,Moon cycles feminine mysticism night,Moon goddess. Represents lunar cycles feminine mysteries and night magic.
Luna,N/A,Celestial Body,Emotions intuition cycles subconscious,The Moon itself. Represents emotions intuition cycles and subconscious patterns.
Hermes,69230,Asteroid,Communication messenger magic trickster,Messenger god. Represents communication magic crossroads and mercurial nature.
Mercury,N/A,Planet,Communication intellect thought expression,Ruling planet of communication. Represents thinking learning speaking and mental processes.
Ascendant,N/A,Sensitive Point,Identity self-expression mask persona,Rising sign. Represents how you present yourself and your approach to life.
(Content truncated due to size limit. Use page ranges or line ranges to read remaining content)