// DG Sabian Symbols
// Sabian Symbols

[ 1] Aries
   1 A woman has risen from the water; a seal has emerged also, and is embracing her. 
   2 A comedian is entertaining a group of friends. 
   3 A cameo shows the profile of a man that suggests the outline of his country. 
   4 Two lovers are strolling through a secluded walk. 
   5 A white triangle is seen; it has golden wings.
   6 A black square stands firmly, illumined red on one side. 
   7 A man comes forward flushed with the successful and simultaneous expression of his talents in two separate realms. 
   8 A large old-fashioned woman's hat is revealed with streamers flying in a stiff breeze from the east. 
   9 A seer gazes intently into a crystal ball before him. 
  10 A savant is revealed, a man who has created new forms for old symbols that have lost their meaning. 
  11 The president of the republic or the ruler of his country is presented.
  12 A flock of white geese is seen in flight overhead. 
  13 A bomb that has failed to explode is now safely hidden from discovery. 
  14 A serpent is circling a man and a woman who are very engrossed in each other. 
  15 An Indian is silently but deftly weaving a basket in the light of the setting sun. 
  16 Brightly clad brownies are seen dancing in the warm dying light.
  17 Two prim spinsters are sitting together quietly. 
  18 An empty hammock hangs between two lovely trees. 
  19 A magic carpet hovers over the depressing reality of every day life in an industrial area.
  20 A young girl is seen feeding the swans in a sheltered public park. 
  21 A pugilist flushed with life and strength is entering the ring.
  22 A handsome grilled gateway opens to the garden of all desired things. 
  23 A woman clothed in the delicate tints of early summer is seen carrying a heavy and valuable yet veiled burden. 
  24 An open window of an old-fashioned room is seen, the net curtain is blowing inward into the shape of a cornucopia. 
  25 A double promise revealed by some suggestive event of both immediate or literal and sentimental significance. 
  26 A man is seen burning to incandescent heat with the wealth of that which he has to give. 
  27 A panorama of blending events out of the past shows the regaining of lost opportunity through the imagination. 
  28 A large audience is seen rejoicing in some disillusionment to which it has just been subjected. 
  29 A celestial choir has risen to sing. 
  30 A duck pond is revealed, on which a young brood of ducklings are disporting themselves. 

[ 2] Taurus
   1 A clear mountain stream flows steadily through a rocky defile. 
   2 A brilliant electrical display illuminates the heavens and the forests beneath.
   3 A beautiful expanse shows natural steps leading upward to a lawn of clover in full bloom. 
   4 The rainbow's pot of gold is revealed in the midst of shower of sparkling and flashing colors. 
   5 A youthful widow, fresh and soul-cleansed from grief, kneels at a grave to receive the secret of eternal life. 
   6 A delicate cantilever bridge is in process of construction across a high narrow gorge. 
   7 Out of the past comes the woman of Samaria to draw water from Jacob's well. 
   8 A sleigh with all the suggestive warmth of the winter season speeds over ground on which the snow is yet to fall. 
   9 A Christmas tree, bending with its weight of gifts, is illumined at the end of a vast darkened hall. 
  10 A pretty lass in Red Cross uniform is hurrying about the duties that a warm sympathy has dictated. 
  11 A woman, cool in sunbonnet and simple garments, is leisurely watering long rows of flowers in full bloom. 
  12 A quite youthful young couple is walking down a busy street, stopping to peer into every window with joyful glee. 
  13 A man very cheerful in his working clothes is handling a mountain of baggage the best he can. 
  14 Several children are splashing with delight in a receding tide, and at their feet are shellfish groping for shelter. 
  15 A man in evening clothes, muffled to breast the storm through which he walks, yet wears his top hat rakishly. 
  16 An old man is attempting with a degree of success unsuspected by him to reveal the Mysteries to a motley group.
  17 An imaginative battle is underway between swords (the disciples of might) and torches (the disciples of enlightenment) 
  18 A woman is holding a linen bag out of her window to give it fresh air and sunshine. 
  19 A newly formed continent is seen, fresh and green within its setting of interminable ocean. 
  20 Light scurrying wisps of clouds are streaming in rapid movement across the sky.
  21 A moving finger points to the significant passages in a large open book. 
  22 A white homing pigeon flies straight a fearlessly over a broad body of troubled water. 
  23 A magnificent jewelry shop is revealed, containing every conceivable article of value of beauty. 
  24 A mounted Indian brave rides proudly with human scalps as trophies at his belt.
  25 A magnificent public park spreads its charm before the eye in a vista that awes the loftiest spirit. 
  26 A Spanish gallant stands at the window grill of his love, serenading her with the softer melodies of night. 
  27 A hopelessly withered old Indian squaw, with a clear light persisting in beady eyes, is selling trinkets.
  28 A woman in middle life stands in rapt sudden realization of forgotten charms, in unexpected recovery of romance. 
  29 Two garrulous cobblers are working side by side on their ancient bench.
  30 A peacock parades its splendor on the quiet lawn of an old palace garden in dignified silence. 

[ 3] Gemini
   1 A glass-bottomed boat drifts silently and easily over a constantly shifting panorama of marine wonders.
   2 A nervous gentleman dressed in an elaborate Santa Clause costume is filling Christmas stockings furtively. 
   3 An etching or rare beauty displays a charming court life at the garden of the Tuileries under Louis XIV. 
   4 A series of rooms in a hospitable house, opening one into another, are decorated gaily with holly and mistletoe. 
   5 A publication devoted to some vital moment for human welfare flaunts an attention-compelling cover. 
   6 In flaring artificial light, amidst ghostly steam escaping through the rigging, grimy workmen are drilling for oil. 
   7 An old fashioned well, still yielding the purest and coldest of waters, stands invitingly near a shade of trees. 
   8 A great industrial plant is closed down and around it mills a crowd of agitators and striking workmen.
   9 A medieval archer stands with ease of one wholly sure of himself, bow in hand and quiver filled with arrows. 
  10 An airplane dives toward the earth as though falling, but rights and recovers itself with smooth gracefulness. 
  11 A new real-estate subdivision is revealed with wide paved streets, ornamental lights and a few- newly-built houses. 
  12 A little black slave girl of ante-bellum days, with crinkly hair and saucy eyes, demands her rights of her mistress. 
  13 The great artist, a world famous pianist, sits at his instrument on the stage of a huge auditorium. 
  14 Two people at widely different points are in conversation with each other by means of telepathy. 
  15 Two Dutch children in their immaculate native costumes are studying their lessons together. 
  16 A woman agitator stands upon a platform, making an impassioned plea to a surrounding group in men. 
  17 The head of a handsome youthful athlete slowly changes into a different type of beauty, the mature thinker. 
  18 Standing apart from the passing stream of well-dressed shoppers, two Chinamen in San Francisco are talking Chinese. 
  19 In the somber archives of a sedate museum a large archaic volume is somewhat conspicuously displayed. 
  20 A self-service restaurant, the cafeteria such as originated in Los Angeles, displays its inviting steam tables. 
  21 A throbbing mass of humanity have packed the confines of a city square; it is a labor demonstration. 
  22 An old-fashioned harvest home festival is at its height with flashing dancing couples crowding the barn floor. 
  23 Three fledglings, secure in their nest high in the tree, already reveal deep pride of their heritage. 
  24 A group of carefree children, gaily dressed for their sport, are skating about smoothly on a backwoods pond. 
  25 A gardener, with all of a mother's care for her child, is trimming a magnificent row of tropical palms.
  26 The winter frost has stolen through the woods and given to the trees and underbrush a witching cosmic lacery.
  27 A young gypsy youth comes springing out of the forest, regarding the spreading vista before him with deep interest. 
  28 A man is leaving a courtroom with mixed feelings of relief & determination; he has just passed through bankruptcy. 
  29 High in a tree that has given only the faintest evidence of returning spring, a mocking bird delivers its repertoire. 
  30 A typically American conceit is seen; a parade of bathing beauties before the judges and crowd at a seaside resort. 

[ 4] Cancer
   1 A man upon a ship stands impatiently with a flag in his hands, ready to run it up in place of the one now flown. 
   2 An alert and eager individual rests upon a magic carpet, observing a vast level vista over which he hovers motionless. 
   3 Through the cold darkening depths of a Northern canyon a man all bundled up in furs leads a shaggy reindeer. 
   4 In an imaginative tableau a hungry cat is seen arguing earnestly with the mouse who is to be her victim
   5 A man in an automobile, maddened by the lust for speed, races with a fast rain and loses; he is killed.
   6 It is in the flush of spring, and innumerable wild or game birds are seen feathering their nests. 
   7 In a fairy glade, in a quiet circle of moonlight, two of the little people are executing a fanciful dance. 
   8 An imaginary land of rabbits is revealed, with its citizens faultlessly dressed and on dignified parade. 
   9 A little miss, innocently devoid of any suggestion of clothing, leans over to catch a goldfish in a sparkling pond. 
  10 A large and beautiful diamond, in the hand of the lapidary, is now to be cut to its full perfection. 
  11 A clown is making merry, gently caricaturing all manners of human traits with his grimaces and pantomime. 
  12 A slant-eyed Chinese woman is nursing a baby, and about the child is the glorious nimbus of divine incarnation.
  13 A hand, which is held out receptively, is remarkable for the suggestion of character in its prominent thumb. 
  14 A very old man, feebleness adds strangely to his dignity, stands alone, facing the darkness in the northeast. 
  15 A group of merry sluggish individuals are resting; they have over eaten most indiscreetly and enjoyed it. 
  16 A futuristic editorial office provides unconscious symbolism; table, manuscript, martial visitor, all are square. 
  17 A huge precious stone is so cut that its principal facet mirrors the whole scene before it in sparkling miniature. 
  18 On all sides is the bustle of the barnyard, and its old-fashioned and natural life a hen clucks among her chicks. 
  19 A fragile miss, representative of proud old blood, is wed by a pompous priest to an eager youth of the new order. 
  20 During celebration of some fete the canals of Venice are crowded; in a gondola are serenaders merry-making. 
  21 The magnificent opera house with its glittering audience rests in silence; the prima donna is singing. 
  22 A young woman, neatly attired in outing clothes, eyes softened by dreaming, awaits a sailboat headed toward her. 
  23 A serious little study group, a literary club, has met for social and intellectual fellowship in some member's home. 
  24 Three castaways, a woman and two men, stand on a bit of glorious sunlit land facing the broad southern ocean. 
  25 A leader of men erect and fearless suddenly finds thrown across his right shoulder an invisible mantle of power. 
  26 The magnificent, luxurious library of some wealthy home is revealed; among the cushions several guests are reading. 
  27 In a normally peaceful canyon, with wealthy secluded ranches, a furious storm seems to multiply its terrors. 
  28 An American Indian girl, college trained but returned to her people, seek to win their friendship for her lover. 
  29 A Grecian pastoral allegory is seen; a peasant lass is mother of twins and these a Muse now weighs in golden scales. 
  30 A Daughter of the American Revolution walks proudly to the rostrum; it is the meeting of some women's society.

[ 5] Leo
   1 A fat and normally good-natured little man of affairs is bursting with determination to have his own way. 
   2 Several children are having holiday together; an epidemic of mumps has given them new, not unpleasant fellowship. 
   3 A woman of middle years is bobbing her hair for the first time; a look of rebellion melts to surprised anticipation. 
   4 An elderly man in evening clothes, of poised and military bearing, stands alone before a lovely mounted moose head. 
   5 Overhanging a vast canyon, but giving evidences of thousands of years of survival, are suggestive masses of granite. 
   6 A sweet old-fashioned belle and a pert and attractive little modern flapper, stand in mutual envy of each other. 
   7 The night heavens are seen in their wonder, as on the desert when the moon is dark; the constellations are at play. 
   8 A man of mean and low appearance, but with the burning fire of a great cause in his eyes, is stirring up discontent. 
   9 In a scene of weird display and brilliant colors, glass-blowers produce one-by-one the marvels of their craft. 
  10 Everywhere there is a sparkle and nature is revealed in pastel colors; the early morning dew salutes the sunlight. 
  11 Beneath a huge oak, which holds back the rising heat of noon, some children potter at their games in a great swing. 
  12 Japanese lanterns, music from a string ensemble & an animated interweaving of colorful figures mark a garden party. 
  13 A bit of green grass before a neatly flowered cottage by the sea supports a chair in which an old sea captain rocks. 
  14 In the form of a cherub, whispering soft coaxing in words into every receptive ear, a human soul seeks expression. 
  15 The great American carnival, Mardi Gras at New Orleans, is seen with a wealth of floats, decorations and merriment. 
  16 The sunshine floods the sleepy village street, a storm has left everything drenched, and wondrously refreshed.
  17 A volunteer church choir is seen during rehearsal, far more interested in social than musical elements of the occasion. 
  18 An instructor in chemistry is conducting an experiment before his class, in the midst of a maze of apparatus. 
  19 A clubhouse built on a floating barge is gaily decorated, and crowded with revelers; the water reflects its lights. 
  20 A group of prehistoric American Indians are seen in the course of an elaborate and impressive invocation to the sun. 
  21 A few chickens who have gotten at some fermented seed, and are happily intoxicated 
  22 A carrier pigeon comes swiftly through the early light of morning, and flutters to the feet of a group of fanciers. 
  23 The scene is a circus-crowded with spectators, and in a moment of hush a bareback rider performs extraordinarily. 
  24 A strange figure is revealed, outwardly unprepossessing, untidy, unkempt, he is a yogi of transcendent powers. 
  25 A solitary camel crosses the desert with his rider; he is indifferent to the hazards of storm and lack of supplies. 
  26 A perfect rainbow forms slowly in the summer rain as the sun begins to break through the rather thin cloudbanks. 
  27 Over at the eastern edge of the night the streaks of dawn appear; gradually the mounting light wipes out the stars. 
  28 Innumerable little birds have settled down upon one large tree; they chirp happily to each other in endless rows. 
  29 A mermaiden has climbed to the rocky shore of a bleak coast; she awaits the prince who will bring her immortality. 
  30 Into a letter is poured vital and confidential information; it is folded carefully, but the envelope is not sealed. 

[ 6] Virgo
   1 A man's head is revealed ; it is a portrait in which the artist has sought to idealize the best of human character. 
   2 A simple but impressively large white cross has been set up in splendid isolation on top of a commanding eminence. 
   3 A glorious vision unfolds over a little struggling family in the wilderness; two mighty angels bringing protection. 
   4 A little chocolate pickaninny is playing with white children; neither he nor they are aware of the racial difference. 
   5 A man lies dreaming in the shade of an Irish countryside; his dreams bring to him the playful little people. 
   6 Children's voices, and smiles of elders; it is a merry-go-round with blatant music and unrestrained joyousness. 
   7 The women's quarters of an Oriental palace are revealed; here are the bright and unafraid eyes of cloistered souls. 
   8 A poor little rich girl, not above five years of age, is given with much attendance a first dancing lesson. 
   9 An earnest but bizarre looking individual is painting on a canvas; his art is futuristic and unintelligible. 
  10 As if in a moment of vision a man is seen possessed of two heads; both of these look out and beyond the shadows. 
  11 A beautiful boy is revealed; he is all boy in every way, but in him lives the idealization of a wise mother. 
  12 A bride rises laughingly, youthfully radiant in her white, wishing to scold the groom who has snatched way her veil. 
  13 A statesman stands before the mob; his strong hand can be seen in a transforming of hysteria into new enthusiasm. 
  14 A large sheet of parchment is covered with finely lettered names and mysterious lines; it is a splendid family tree. 
  15 A handkerchief of the finest linen and oldest lace lies folded near milady's mirror by a bottle of rare perfume. 
  16 The delighted children are crowded about a cage in the zoo; an orang-utang is sitting is a spot in the afternoon sun. 
  17 A vast display of cosmic forces is seen in the eruption of a volcano with dust clouds, flowing lava, earth rumblings. 
  18 Two giggling young girls are sitting facing each other, knees tightly touching, working a ouija board on their laps. 
  19 There is a colorful gallery on the warm summer day; in the clear blue water a swimming race nears its decision.
  20 A group of old-fashioned automobiles comprise a caravan of settlers on the move; a fresh enthusiasm marks the party. 
  21 A large cheerful but bare room holds two teams of fresh young girls engaged in a laughing game of basketball. 
  22 Upon rich velvet in a case, at an exhibition, is an exquisitely wrought miniature; a jewel-set royal coat-of-arms. 
  23 A man clad in gay colors of the circus rushes into the barred arena where unwilling animals await his bidding. 
  24 A large book for children is open at a colored page; here Mary with her yellow curls leads an immaculate white lamb. 
  25 A large glorious public building is seen set in a spacious part; before it a flag moves with the breezes at half-mast. 
  26 A highly ritualistic service is in process; officiating priests are automatons, a boy with a censer is rapt-eyed. 
  27 In the luxurious quarters of a home furnished in delicate period style elderly ladies are enjoying afternoon tea. 
  28 A bald-headed man in uniform completely dominates an assembly of men, diplomats, scientists, and industrialists. 
  29 A scholar has just succeeded in deciphering an archaic manuscript; it holds for him an idea for which he has long sought. 
  30 A suburbanite grins; an emergency call to the house of a neighbor frees him from some item of household drudgery. 

[ 7] Libra
   1 A symbolical painting is seen; a beautiful butterfly meeting sacrificial death through an impaling dart of wisdom. 
   2 A new symphony is played by the orchestra; the music dramatizes racial progress from aspiration to realization.
   3 A new day dawns when the light permits the recognition of detail it can be seen that all things are changed. 
   4 A group of students of higher truth in summer conference are seated about a camp fire in unconscious meditation. 
   5 A teacher of the occult betrays his possession of the real knowledge by the inspiration of his gathered students. 
   6 A pilgrim sits on a rustic bench and one-by-one his ideals in a sort of trance vision take form before him. 
   7 An eccentric old witch is feeding her chickens and seeking to allay their fear of a hawk whom she has just tamed. 
   8 In the depths of the woods is an abandoned farm; in the deserted house a fireplace blazes merrily and mysteriously. 
   9 Three Old Masters hang together in an art gallery; they have a room to themselves and seem to hold converse. 
  10 Placid waters are revealed at the bottom of a narrow rapids; a canoe is rapidly and surely approaching.
  11 A kindly old professor, from (behind) his battered desk looks out over his eyeglasses at a class eagerly awaiting his words. 
  12 A worker's shift is finished and the miners emerge from their grimy hole into the daylight and life above ground. 
  13 A children's birthday party is in progress; on a side porch a group of youngsters are blowing soap bubbles. 
  14 The courtyard of a Spanish hacienda in a tropical country is revealed; in its shade the master takes a noon siesta. 
  15 An odd looking collection of machinery parts lie together; all are new and ready to use, all are circular. 
  16 The storms of the winter have washed away the boat-landing; some happy souls at the beach resort are building one. 
  17 A retired sea-captain, still resplendent in his uniform, frequents the docks from which the world's commerce departs. 
  18 Two men are placed under arrest and taken away to give an accounting for their acts before a tribunal of society. 
  19 A gang of robbers are seen in hiding, ready and anxious to attack the heavily armed caravan just coming into sight. 
  20 In a tiny room ridiculously cluttered with manuscripts and books sits a Jewish rabbi at ease with self and world. 
  21 It is a hot Sunday afternoon in summer and upon the beach is a milling crowd enjoying precious ocean freshness.
  22 A little child is laughing as the water is turned into an artistic little fountain and as the birds hurry to drink. 
  23 A chanticleer mounts the corner post of the fence; never will the day again be greeted with the enthusiasm now born. 
  24 A marvelously colored and figured butterfly is spread before the eyes; on its left is an extra and third wing. 
  25 A little boy, rebellious against school, watches a fluttering autumn leaf that seems to spell out his lesson for him .
  26 In an allegorical representation an eagle and a large white dove are revealed constantly changing into each other. 
  27 Like a great soaring bird - a single brilliant spot in the bright sky- an airplane overhead sails about calmly. 
  28 A man stands alone in surrounding gloom; were his eyes open to spirit things he would see helping angels arriving. 
  29 It's a seer's dream; vast masses of humanity push forward in frantic effort to cross the black chasm of knowledge. 
  30 The phrenologist is reading bumps for his clients; he explains three mounds of knowledge on a philosophers head. 

[ 8] Scorpio
   1 A sight-seeing bus is threading its way through crowded city traffic; its occupants eagerly view the sights. 
   2 What has been a handsome and valuable bottle lies broken and forgotten; a track of living perfume leads from it. 
   3 At a clearing of pioneer days in the forest all the neighbors have gathered to assist in a happy house-raising.
   4 In an old-fashioned candle lighting service a youth gains for the first time a sense of the great other world.
   5 A massive rocky shore presents its unchanging face of the centuries to the furies and coaxing calms of the sea.
   6 Sutter's river empire of early California is seen; then all is swept away in the spectacular gold rush of 1849.
   7 A queer craft equipped with special machinery is the base of operations for courageous divers of the deep sea. 
   8 A beautiful gem of a lake set high in the mountains is revealed in the silvery bathing light of a full moon. 
   9 A dentist hard at work; man made porcelain replaces nature's enamel which consciousness has been unable to hold. 
  10 A fellowship supper is served to a group of men brought together in reunion to live again in forgotten moments.
  11 There is great excitement on the narrow and treacherous beach; finally a drowning man is saved and brought ashore. 
  12 A brilliant assembly of dignitaries is seen on a highly polished dance floor; it is an important embassy ball. 
  13 In a rattle trap old wooden barn an earnest man works in a maze of apparatus; invention at the point of success. 
  14 Through a seemingly inaccessible mountainous country the telephone linemen carry their thin lines of communication. 
  15 In unconscious occult symbolism a group of laughing, joyous children are playing on five mounds of sand. 
  16 A girl's face is revealed of fine, delicate, aristocratic features; suddenly these break into a glorious smile. 
  17 A woman is great with child; the remarkable thing is that she was impregnated by her own spirit or aspiration. 
  18 A winding quiet road, carpeted by the falling leaves, leads through an old fashioned woods rich in autumn color. 
  19 A wise old parrot has been listening attentively to the conversation and preening himself; now he begins to talk. 
  20 An immensely tall entranceway is closed by heavy and dark velvet portieres; a woman in white draws these aside.
  21 A soldier runs the risk of court-martial in remaining absent without leave, but a lovely miss clings to him. 
  22 A group of hunters protected by heavy clothing are making their way out into the marsh to shoot wild ducks. 
  23 A little white rabbit rests contentedly in his cage; before the eyes he metamorphoses into an elf in a fairy glade. 
  24 A steady stream of people down a mountain side gives testimony to the power of the man who has there addressed them. 
  25 An x-ray machine is in operation; by means of it a bit of fine diagnosis is made possible, and a life is preserved. 
  26 A group of American Indians are making camp; as if by magic the teepees are erected and home comfort established. 
  27 Scintillating with the flash of the instruments and the colors of banners and uniforms, a military band is marching. 
  28 A pageant of fairyland is made visible to mortal eyes; the king of the little people is welcomed to his domain.
  29 Flanked by the splendor of an Incan monarch's court a mother of captured princelets pleads archly for their lives. 
  30 The town jester is in his element; it is Halloween and there is now justification for any and all of his pranks. 

[ 9] Sagittarius
   1 A group of elderly men in uniforms, eyes bright with reminiscence, are gathered at a Grand Army of the Republic campfire. 
   2 A quick wind is making sport with the sea; through sharp mist as far as sight reaches are scurrying whitecaps. 
   3 Two men, lounging in the comfort of an old drawing room and with strong pipes, are playing a games of chess. 
   4 A little child is learning to walk; near(by) are happy parents wise enough to refuse unnecessary assistance. 
   5 An owl is gravely perched high and deep in the shade of an old landmark of a tree, solitary on a point of land.
   6 There is a great display of color coming and going in a large concourse of people; it is a cricket game. 
   7 A little fellow sly and smiling knocks at the door of the human heart; it is none other than cupid himself. 
   8 In the caldron of the universe the rocks and world stuff are in the process of formation; the metals glint within. 
   9 A mother is leading her children up a broad flight of steps, they enjoy the task of lifting little feet. 
  10 In a pageant of progress a glorious little maid with golden hair enacts the part of the goddess of opportunity.
  11 An ugly old human figure is the carved representation of a god; near the left side is an ever-burning lamp. 
  12 In a curious allegorical transformation a flag becomes an eagle, and the eagle becomes chanticleer triumphant.
  13 A wistful young woman, dressed in black, is surprised into a warm companionship to which she has felt alien. 
  14 A vast panorama of sand and time is unfolding; the pyramids and sphinx in their glory rise before the eye. 
  15 The time is at hand to determine whether winter shall end; the ground hog comes forth looking for its shadow. 
  16 A peaceful scene is unfolded to view; a calm ocean, a single motionless ship, a few lazy soaring seagulls. 
  17 An Easter sunrise service is abut to begin at the suggestion of dawn; darkness surrenders to the worshipers. 
  18 Little children are playing on the sultry beach; but each is protected from the glare by a tiny sunbonnet. 
  19 The pelicans have been distressed by the intrusion of man; they are moving their habitat to places unknown. 
  20 The pond has been deeply frozen for weeks; now the men and machinery are at work cutting out the summer's ice. 
  21 A child and a dog are having all the fun in the world, gravely attending to things in borrowed eyeglasses. 
  22 A perfect bit of the old world is found in the new; a Chinese laundry has its shutters up and is now itself. 
  23 Bathed in the slantwise western sun, with the statue of liberty beyond, Ellis Island welcomes the immigrants. 
  24 The bluebird, as a sign of good luck, and happiness, alights at the door of a little cottage on the highway. 
  25 A chubby little rich boy rides on a hobby horse of bright colors and wishes for hazards he may never know. 
  26 The scene is an old-fashioned battle; in the hot hand-to-hand fighting a flag bearer distinguishes himself. 
  27 A sculptor is at work in his studio, and under his skilled hands a lovely form slowly and surely takes shape. 
  28 A splendidly built bridge, a heritage of unknown ages, still spans the beautiful and wildly primitive stream. 
  29 A perspiring fat-boy is mowing the grass; he has discovered the handicap of flesh and is determined to lose it.
  30 A picture of regal and sacerdotal pomp and glory reveals itself; the Pope is holding audience in his palace. 

[10] Capricorn
   1 An Indian chief is standing before the assembled pow-wow of tribes and demands recognition, coldly and regally.
   2 Three stained glass windows in an old cathedral are seen, and the center one has been damaged by bombardment. 
   3 The human soul is visualized as hovering spirit eager and receptive to the lessons to be learned from life. 
   4 A group of merry-makers are embarking in a large canoe on the magic little lantern-lit lake at the resort. 
   5 An American Indian encampment rests by the side of a canoe-filled stream and on the shore a war dance commences.
   6 A dark archway in the forest leads to greater depths and darkness beyond, in its shade lie an even ten logs. 
   7 A highly sophisticated magic ritual is displayed with the central figure as a heavily veiled prophet of power. 
   8 A huge living room in an old fashioned frame mansion is flooded with sunlight and the canaries are singing happily. 
   9 There is a vast stretch of heavenly realm and across it an angel carrying a harp comes leisurely but surely. 
  10 On the deck of an old fashioned sailing ship seamen are taming an albatross that feeds from their hand.
  11 In a quiet and landscaped portion of a vast private estate a group of pheasants display their brilliant colors.
  12 A student is lecturing and conjuring up dancing pictures of distant wonders before each listener. 
  13 Back against the mountains towards the East that fringe the roof of the world a fire worshipper is meditating. 
  14 A vast pile of Mayan ruins in tropical America discloses a perfectly preserved bas-relief carved in the granite. 
  15 It is the children's ward in the hospital with an abundance of toys, books, and gifts for the youngsters. 
  16 The high school grounds are alive with fresh vitality as the boys appear in their gymnasium suits.
  17 A mature but long repressed young woman is bathing surreptitiously in the nude and finding released in spirit. 
  18 From the proud new warship of Britannia in token of her maritime power flies the Union Jack in calm dignity. 
  19 A little miss of about five has gone to market with a huge shopping bag and is quite as adult as anybody. 
  20 There is no service in the church but rising full and clear come the voices of a hidden choir in rehearsal. 
  21 Excitement thrills the grandstands during the relay race as each runner springs to place with eagerness. 
  22 The defeated general yields up his sword but in failure he wins for his cause a dignity that is real success. 
  23 The army is erect in a long faultless line as resplendent officers confer upon a private two awards for bravery. 
  24 The convent lies between gnarled old trees as a very picture of peace and a woman approaches this sure haven. 
  25 The little boys are welcomes to the store of the genial oriental rug dealer for rare fun in piled softness. 
  26 In a little glade never t rod by the foot of man and in the mist of a waterfall dances a care-free water sprite. 
  27 A party of anchorites are making a mountain pilgrimage and in view lie both the busy world and the quiet way ahead. 
  28 A large aviary built as a wing to a rural mansion reveals a host of singing and contended feathered citizens. 
  29 Afternoon tea is served in a gypsy parlor patronized by socialites and here a young lady reads tea leaves. 
  30 In the mahogany-paneled and magnificently furnished directors room a secret business conference has begun. 

[11] Aquarius
   1 An old adobe mission rests in the shelter of the California hills and seems as ancient as the mountains behind it. 
   2 An unexpected thunderstorm breaks over the parched lands of the river empire and its terror is welcome relief. 
   3 A deserter from the navy stands suddenly aware of the dawning truth that freedom is never the result of compromise. 
   4 A Hindu pundit emerging from the sleepy and idle warmth of his hut suddenly glows with a mystic healing power. 
   5 In the land of shades a grave council of the ancestors of a man of world importance has been called to guide him. 
   6 The stage is dimly lit for an allegorical drama and a solitary performer carries the thread of mystery.
   7 In a fantasy presented by the children of an exclusive school a huge egg cracks to reveal a cherubic miss. 
   8 The fall-fashion display has opened in the fine stores and in their windows are beautifully gowned wax figures.
   9 A student sits in quiet meditation and before his eyes a flag seems to form and then changes slowly into an eagle. 
  10 A man of stature has been catapulted into ephemeral popularity and unspoiled he plans further achievements. 
  11 An artist has withdrawn from friends and all accustomed haunts to be alone with a new inspiration just forming. 
  12 A magnificent painting presents life as a broad stairway with the landings (as) various grades of life.
  13 Under the shade of the porch of an old-fashioned hotel in a happy little village hangs a sedate barometer. 
  14 A long and heavy train climbs the steep mountain grade and at last a tunnel offers a shortcut to the other side. 
  15 Two little love birds are sitting on a fence singing to each other and advertising their happiness to the world. 
  16 The active executive of a large corporation sits at his desk immersed in the details of some business project. 
  17 The master is sleeping in the little hut near his newly discovered gold mine with his faithful dog on guard. 
  18 The masquerade has been long in progress and laughing young ladies at last have forced the final male to unmask. 
  19 On every hand are the still smoking embers but the forest fire is out and the weary fighters are most jubilant.
  20 A large white dove circles about and about overhead and then descends and proves to be a carrier with a message. 
  21 Leaving the room is a well-groomed and striking and conspicuously solitary woman long disappointed and disillusioned. 
  22 A new deep and velvet-like carpet has been placed in an airy nursery and the happy children revel upon it. 
  23 A big trained bear sitting on a chair especially built for him is waving all four paws in grotesque fashion. 
  24 A man obviously of the world has turned his back on passion and is giving people a deep and undying wisdom. 
  25 A butterfly struggles to emerge from the chrysalis and it seems that the right wing is more perfectly formed. 
  26 The battery man at the automobile service station (is) about to inspect a customer's car and has his hydrometer in hand. 
  27 In the quiet of the afternoon in the cool of an art connoisseur's library is an old pottery bowl with fresh violets. 
  28 The pioneer cottage is prepared for winter's rigors with a tree felled and sawed for fuel and all else in order. 
  29 The beautifully winged insect has just come forth into glorious adult being on completion of its metamorphosis.
  30 A mystic and traditional Babylon has sprung into delicate white bloom. 

[12] Pisces
   1 The public market is thronged with people and all are good-natured and hurried on a late Saturday afternoon. 
   2 Almost as if possessed with man's intelligence a tiny squirrel remains watchful on a limb hidden from the hunter's. 
   3 A dull expanse of rocky formations turns out to be a petrified forest or an eternal record of life lived long ago. 
   4 The narrow isthmus between two summer resorts both sparkling with life carries crowded holiday traffic safely. 
   5 Through the spacious grounds of the church are strung Japanese lanterns for a bazaar of merry hearts and faces.
   6 All the traditional dignity of West Point is seen in the parade of officers-in-the-making under the setting sun. 
   7 Over the strewn and irregular masses of stone at the shore is low-lying fog, but on one rock a cross rests. 
   8 A trim and splendid young miss at the camp of a semi-military organization blows her bugle triumphantly. 
   9 A tiny jockey from his magnificent horse looks about eagerly and as the race starts he becomes a god of speed. 
  10 As a tiny fleck of dust in the sky an aviator sails across the horizon in absolute mastery of these higher realms. 
  11 A group of serious-eyed, earnest -faced men are seeking illumination and are conducted into a massive sanctuary. 
  12 A convocation of the Lodge of Initiates has brought the earth's glorious souls in spirit to examine candidates.
  13 In a still corner of the museum are weapons of long ago and in a glass case, by itself, is a single venerable sword. 
  14 A young lady from top of coiffure to tip of toes is regal and she displays soft beauty of face above fox furs. 
  15 An officer in unkempt campaign uniform is preparing to drill men dressed in military tops quite worn for wear. 
  16 In the sacred quiet and afternoon half-lights of the museum a young art student drinks in pure inspiration. 
  17 In the boulevard sunshine the promenade of wealth's Easter is seen and in poorer quarter's is equally brave show. 
  18 The celebrated revivalist has erected his huge tent, now warmed by music, lights and the smell of sawdust. 
  19 The young man and old one have walked weary miles but as master and pupil they neither are fatigued. 
  20 The window of a farmhouse yields its view of soft purple fields and the table is set for a quiet supper. 
  21 A child who is strange to rural life has taken violent fancy to a little white lamb and a Chinese servant smiles. 
  22 Down the man-made mountain of industry in allegorical representation some the prophet with tablets of a new law. 
  23 A huge hulk of a woman medium gone into trance and around her are entities continually forming and dissolving. 
  24 The tiny island seems lost in the broad ocean but its happy inhabitants have created a great world all their own. 
  25 Ecclesiastical reform of drastic nature is in progress and a purged and purified priestcraft opens a new ministry. 
  26 A new moon just visible at sundown to the lovers is romantic only, but to the philosopher it speaks of eternity. 
  27 The harvest moon rises superbly in the east and the light of day is shamed by the colors of an autumnal evening. 
  28 Night has seemed light as day and in the odd shadows of diffused whiteness the fertile fields appear quite alive. 
  29 The scientist adjusts the tiny prism carefully and by means of the divided rays of light makes his clever analysis. 
  30 Nathaniel Hawthorne's conception of the Great Stone Face has been brought to fruition in a huge mountain carving. 
