// MH Houses of the Moon
// The description of the ancient Chaldean Houses of the Moon
// The new astrological encyclopedia
// English translation edited by: Paul Hysen, December 2007.

[ 1 ] House I (length 8°30'): from 0° to 8°30' after the new moon. 
This House together with the 28th House is considered the most unfavorable of all Houses, being adverse to any enterprise or journey that is started during the Moon's sojourn in this House, and bringing danger from any illness that commences during this time.

[ 2 ] House II (length 9°00'): from 8°30' to 17°30' after the new moon.
This House is favorable for planning and for the preparation for any enterprise; it is however unfavorable for starting a new enterprise. It is best to avoid any important or public undertaking if possible, and to keep any ideas and plans to oneself. This House is particularly favorable for starting a journey, for the laying of the foundation of a building, for planting a crop and for gathering a harvest. Those born while the Moon sojourns in this House will be fortunate in law and in their ventures. Diseases that start during the Moon's transit through this House will not be prolonged, while children born during this period develop normally and are characterized by robust health. 

[ 3 ] House III (length 9°30'): from 17°30' to 27°00' after the new moon. 
This House is more favorable for one's personal life, than for public affairs; it is therefore best to avoid any unnecessary major or public undertakings during the Moon's sojourn through this House, and to keep one's ideas and plans to oneself. It is somewhat favorable for planning an enterprise and for its preparation; it is however less favorable for starting an enterprise. This House is favorable for starting a journey, for the laying of the foundation of building, for planting a crop and for gathering a harvest. Diseases that start during the Moon's transit through this House will not will be prolonged, while children born during this period will generally be healthy. 

[ 4 ] House IV (length 10°00'): from 27°00' to 37°00' after the new moon. 
This House is auspicious for one's success in life, but success will not come without exercising patience. The passage of the Moon into this House is favorable to the accomplishment of minor undertakings and to engendering friendly relations with others. If a person falls ill during the transit of the Moon through this House, recovery will not be straightforward and will involve complications. Those born during the sojourn of the Moon in this House will have an occasion when there will be fears for their life.

[ 5 ] House V (length 10°30'): from 37°00' to 47°30' after the new moon. 
This House is particularly propitious for all enterprises that relate to the water and the sea, to journeys, to building and to finding lost items. Diseases that commence during the transit of the Moon in this House are particularly dangerous. The child who is born during the sojourn of the Moon in this House will be secretive, selfish and haughty. 

[ 6 ] House VI (length 11°00'): from 47°30' to 58°30' after the new moon. 
The location of the Moon in this House warns of fraud or treachery. This applies to both the Natal Chart as well as its transit. Those born during this period often suffer from disappointments and from thoughtless acts by others. 

[ 7 ] House VII (length 12°00'): from 58°30' to 70°00' after the new moon. 
A child born when the Moon sojourns in this House has a weak constitution and will need much care; while any illness that commences while the Moon moves through this House, may well prove to be dangerous. The adverse nature of this House is compensated for to some extent by its being auspicious for material success: it predisposes one to good luck, brings support from relatives or friends, and promises success in life, but only after some initial setbacks. 

[ 8 ] House VIII (length 12°00'): from 70°00' to 82°00' after the new moon. 
This is the "House of merriment", which promises promotion in one's career, provides robust health and is propitious for love. It is favorable for large-scale enterprises, it promises beneficial changes in one's position and personal affairs, and is usually associated with good relationships and understanding in one's family or between oneself and one's spouse. People that were born during the Moon's sojourn in this House are affectionate and caring. Illnesses that commence during the transit of the Moon through this House are usually not dangerous. 

[ 9 ] House IX (length 12°30'): from 82°00' to 94°30' after the new moon. 
This House most frequently corresponds to the 7th Moon day, which according to the legend associated with the Biblical story, was the day when Cain killed Abel. Hence the assertion that a crime committed during the sojourn of the Moon in this House will be solved and the criminal punished. This legend is however not an  astrological concept. According to astrological tradition, this House is favorable for health and vitality; while a person born under this House will during their lifetime suffer and survive several dangerous illnesses. 

[ 10 ] House X (length 13°00'): from 94°30' to 107°30' after the new moon. 
This House does not facilitate beauty and makes a disease dangerous, but is propitious for journeys. This warns of an unhappy family life, of stressed relationships with one's relatives, and of troubles with the opposite sex. There is also a warning that important undertakings should be avoided if possible while the Moon sojourns in this House. This period is not auspicious for easy success and any endeavor commenced during this time will require much endurance and flexibility; even then disappointment may follow and one's goal may not be achieved. A person who has been born during the Moon's sojourn in this House will be forced to overcome many obstacles in their life and will have to deal with frustrations and setbacks; they will have to put in an extraordinary effort in order to achieve a satisfactory position in life. It also warns of ongoing problems connected with one's father. According to astrological tradition, the path of life of those born under this House will be much less successful at its conclusion than at its beginning. 

[ 11 ] House XI (length 13°30'): from 107°30' to 121°00' after the new moon. 
This House promises longevity to those who are born while the Moon sojourns here. On the other hand diseases that commence during the transit of the Moon through this House need to be taken seriously as they can have a potentially dangerous onset. Additionally, the location of the Moon in this House warns of conflict with a relative or a woman. 

[ 12 ] House XII (length 14°00'): from 121°00' to 135°00' after the new moon. 
The placing of the Moon in this House is considered favorable both for the beginning of any matter and for any endeavor where the outcome does not so much depend on any effort expended, but is more connected with luck. It also provides the possibility to rescue a situation that to all appearance is doomed to failure. It promises a fortunate life and a love of travel to those born while the Moon sojourns here. Additionally, tradition asserts that diseases that commence during the transit of the Moon through this House can present grave danger, if urgent remedial action is not taken. 

[ 13 ] House XIII (length 14°30'): from 135°00' to 149°30' after the new moon. 
The placing of the Moon in this House at the time of birth provides skilfulness and resourcefulness, and is auspicious for love. The placing of the Moon in this House in the natal chart as well as during its transit is more propitious for the health of males than that of females, which means that diseases in females are likely to be of more concern and need to be taken more seriously. This House is favourable for journeys, provided that the departure takes place during this period. People born during the Moon's sojourn in this House are predisposed to traveling abroad and/or to leaving their native abode to live in a foreign country. 

[ 14 ] House XIV (length approximately 44°30'): from 149°30' after the new moon to the full moon. 
It is not a good time to commence anything while the Moon sojourns in this House. Diseases that begin during the transit of the Moon through this House are inclined to be either prolonged or dangerous. If the Moon is located in this House at the time of one's birth, it warns of a drastic change in a situation or heavy losses. This rather large House corresponds to the 12th, 13th and 14th days of the lunar month, and the interpretation of its influence may be modified by the significance of these particular days. 

[ 15 ] House XV (length approximately 44°30'): from the full moon to 149°30' before the new moon. 
If the Moon sojourns in this House at the time of one's birth, it points to a difficult and usually not very happy life; and indicates that one's health may not be very robust and that a physical defect may be present. It is also often associated with a tendency towards powerful passions. Additionally, it points to a rather modest position in life or a change in one's position accompanied by losses. This House usually includes the 15th, 16th and 17th days of the lunar month, and the interpretation of its influence may be modified by the significance of these particular days.

[ 16 ] House XVI (length 14°30'): from 149°30' to 135°00' before the new moon. 
Those born while the Moon sojourns in this House will tend to become wealthy as a result of their own hard work; while the second half of their life will be happier than the first. Diseases that commence during the transit of the Moon through this House are inclined to be dangerous and prolonged. 

[ 17 ] House XVII (length 14°00'): from 135°00' to 121°00' before the new moon. 
This House is propitious for everything that relates to feelings and the emotions, and also provides a supporting and protective influence for the person in question. Conversely however, it unlikely to be favorable for beginning a new enterprise. The nature of those born while the Moon sojourns in this House is characterized by friendliness and kindness; they are able to overcome all kinds of obstacles and maintain their determination in the face of difficulties. Being born under this House also promises numerous journeys. Diseases that commence during the transit of the Moon through this House will not be prolonged. 

[ 18 ] House XVIII (length 13°30'): from 121°00' to 107°30' before the new moon. 
This House indicates an evil disposition or malice. Conversely however, this House is auspicious for the commencement of all kinds of endeavors. The resolution of an illness that commences during the transit of the Moon through this House may be delayed. 

[ 19 ] House XIX (length 13°00'): from 107°30' to 94°30' before the new moon. 
Those born while the Moon sojourns in this House are industrious and persevering individuals, who are deserving of the support of their superiors and of progress in life. Unfortunately however, this House does not provide influences conducive to wealth, but instead promises illnesses and many financial difficulties during the course of one's life. 

[ 20 ] House XX (length 12°30'): from 94°30' to 82°00' before the new moon. 
The influence of this House is adverse to all undertakings, and any endeavor commenced during the Moon's transit in this House is likely to fail. Thus it is better, during this period, to refrain from starting any enterprises, to watch what one says, and not to revisit old contentious issues. To those born while the Moon sojourns in this House it brings domestic turmoil; this is true for both the family the native was born into, where the mother causes most of the disagreements and contention, and the native's own marriage. Nevertheless this House is auspicious for one's progress in life, which will be achieved as a result of one's personal merits. It is very rare that one born under this House does not succeed in gaining public recognition for their achievements at some stage of their life. 

[ 21 ] House XXI (length 12°00'): from 82°00' to 70°00' before the new moon. 
This House augurs a complex destiny. One born while the Moon sojourns in this House will have to battle more than their share of prolonged illnesses, will have to deal with conflict due the improper actions of others, and will have to contend with false friends who will adversely affect their position in life. Any illness that commences during the transit of the Moon through this House is not likely to be dangerous, but its resolution may be delayed.

[ 22 ] House XXII (length 11°30'): from 70°00' to 58°30' before the new moon. 
Those born while the Moon sojourns in this House will be subject to much jealousy and envy, especially in relation to their love life. On the other hand this House promises success in one's affairs, an increase in one's status, and fame and recognition. Illnesses that commence during the Moon's transit through this House are generally not of a dangerous nature. 

[ 23 ] House XXIII (length 11°00'): from 58°30' to 47°30' before the new moon. 
This House warns of the danger of fraud or theft. Illnesses that commence during the Moon's transit through this House tend to be of an especially dangerous nature. 

[ 24 ] House XXIV (length 10°30'): from 47°30' to 37°00' before the new moon. 
This House warns that insincerity is lurking within one's relationships with others, and that it is therefore important not to be too outspoken. On the other hand, it indicates that a journey undertaken at around forty years of age will be associated with a very advantageous change in one's position. Illnesses that commence during the Moon's transit through this House can pose a grave danger. 

[ 25 ] House XXV (length 10°00'): from 37°00' to 27°00' before the new moon. 
This House is propitious for journeys and for changing one's abode. It is also favorable for commencing an endeavor or starting an enterprise; although this influence is not large and therefore not very important. Those born while the Moon sojourns in this House are inclined to be lazy and negligent. 

[ 26 ] House XXVI (length 9°30'): from 27°00' to 17°30' before the new moon. 
This House warns of possible losses in relation to one's property or when dealing in real estate. Those born while the Moon sojourns in this House are inclined to have a good disposition and a sharp mind. 

[ 27 ] House XXVII (length 9°00'): from 17°30' to 8°30' before the new moon. 
The placing of the Moon in this House is not conducive to family happiness, especially if it occurs in a female horoscope. It also warns that the second half of a person's life is inclined to be less happy than the first. It is best to avoid starting any new enterprise while the Moon transits this House, as these are likely to cause much grief in the future. 

[ 28 ] House XXVIII (length 8°30'): from 8°30' before the new moon to the new moon. 
This House together with the 1st House is considered the most unfavorable of all Houses, being adverse to any enterprise or journey that is started while the Moon sojourns in this House and bringing danger from any illness that commences during this time.
